README.md, before:

# Lens - Take a Look!

My personal resume and portfolio website written with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Python/Django. It is hosted on an AWS EC2 instance at [epm0dev.me](https://epm0dev.me). Static files are served from a AWS S3 bucket via AWS Cloudfront.

---

### Current Tasks
- Unit tests
    + lens/
    + projects/
- Finalize code documentation
    + lens/
    + projects/
    + static/javascript/
- Replace filler content with final content
    + Home Page
    + Projects Page


### Known Bugs
- When clicking the see more button in a project card near the bottom of the page, and when the detail column is not yet expanded, the window jumps slightly due to the height of the page resizing.


### Future Changes/Additions
- Add an 'old' or 'archived' field to the project model; when the field contains a value of true, the full project card is not displayed, but the user can still expand the detail column to see it's full details
- Create a blog page
- Create a photography page (or a way to post photographs in blog posts)


### Complete Before Deployment
- Add portrait to home page
- Minify JavaScript files
- Serve static files with a CDN
- Extensive unit tests
- Black box tests
- Setup email DKIM for django-ses (https://github.com/django-ses/django-ses)
- AWS IAM Setup
- Complete Django deployment checklist
- Migrate to PostgreSQL database backend
- Set up CRON job for github repo caching with django-background-tasks

Commit message:

Finalize CSS and JavaScript files, move all static files to a CDN, update README.md

README.md, after:

# Lens - Take a Look!

My personal resume and portfolio website written with HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Python/Django. It is hosted on an AWS EC2 instance at [epm0dev.me](https://epm0dev.me). Static files are served from a AWS S3 bucket via AWS Cloudfront.

---

### Current Tasks
- Unit tests
    + lens/
    + projects/
- Finalize code documentation
    + lens/
    + projects/
- Replace filler text with final content
    + Home Page


### Known Bugs
- Some issues with animation timing on projects page when detail column needs to expand
    + When the window is already at the correct position for a project once the detail column is expanded and that project card's see more button is clicked, the subsequent animations are delayed.
    + When clicking the see more button in a project card near the bottom of the page, the window jumps slightly then scrolls rather than staying put
    + When clicking the see more button in a project card otherwise, there is a small stutter in the scroll animation


### Future Changes/Additions
- Add an 'old' or 'archived' field to the project model; when the field contains a value of true, the full project card is not displayed, but the user can still expand the detail column to see it's full details
- Create a blog page
- Create a photography page (or a way to post photographs in blog posts)


### Complete Before Deployment
- Extensive unit tests
- Black box tests
- Setup email DKIM for django-ses (https://github.com/django-ses/django-ses)
- AWS IAM Setup
- Complete Django deployment checklist
- Migrate to PostgreSQL database backend
- Set up CRON job for github repo caching with django-background-tasks


### Complete After Deployment
- Update portrait
- Populate database with projects
